Add README to SDK Dir and Update the Legacy README (#604)
aptos-labs/aptos-indexer-processors: rust/sdk-processor/README.md

# Indexer GRPC Parsers (SDK)

> Indexer GRPC parser is to indexer data processor that leverages the indexer grpc data. These processors have been (re)-written using the new SDK.

Reviewer: I'd reword this a bit. Also "Indexer GRPC" is a name used internally. Externally it's known in the docs as "Transaction Stream", and we need to update this everywhere lol 

```suggestion
Processors that index data from the Aptos Transaction Stream (GRPC). These processors have been (re)-written using the new Indexer SDK.
```
